[ResponseOps] move alert UUID generation from rule registry to the alerting framework (#143489)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/action-variables.asciidoc

`alert.actionSubgroup`:: The action subgroup of the alert that scheduled the action.
`alert.flapping`:: A flag on the alert that indicates whether the alert status is changing repeatedly.
`alert.id`:: The ID of the alert that scheduled the action.

> `alert.uuid`:: The UUID of the alert.  The UUID value will remain unchanged while the alert is active, during subsequent runs.  preview:[]

Reviewer: If necessary, these changes can be in a subsequent PR, but here's my suggestion:
```suggestion
`alert.uuid`:: A universally unique identifier for the alert. While the alert is active, the UUID value remains unchanged each time the rule runs.  preview:[]
```
